So let's use this firebase service.
As I said simply just as kind of a dummy back end because it's easy to get started with it.
And for our needs here it's free.
Check out the pricing page on fire based at Google dot com slash pricing to learn what's included in
the free plan and when it's going to cost money.
That's especially important of course if you plan on using days in production environments for your
real application.
No worries though if you stay in the free plan you actually can't be charged.
You'll just be limited once you exceed the free limits which of course you also don't want to encounter
in your protection ready application.
Now enough of the talking about the pricing it's free for our needs.
So let's click on go to console for Dad you'll need a Google account.
So that is something you will need to create before you can continue.
And on that console you can now create a new project here.
So let's create the project I'm going to name a re-act my burger you can choose any name you like.
And then you choose a country or region here and you can choose to a country where you are located.
This won't affect where the data will be stored in the end.
And then click Create project.
As I said this will now configure up back and project for you which automatically gives you some rest.
API endpoints and Mongo D-B like database which you can use to store data so that we don't have to write
any server side code.
The console is going to look like this.
Now no worries.
You don't need any deeper firebase understanding here.
We're going to use the database because we want to store data and firebase has is Sendak's Where the
API endpoints are directly mapped to endpoints or two tables.
You could say in your database.
So it's super easy to get started storing data there.
Now this is the API endpoint.
We're going to use so you of course have a different one for your project but this is the end point
where we can send data to you and then it will automatically be stored in that database.
Still we won't be connecting to the database directly.
We're just sending HTP request and firebase is doing the mapping of HTP endpoints to the database.
That's the cool thing about this service now for this to be available there's one thing we need to set
up under rules here on database rules you should set read and write x' simply to true.
Now by default it's only enabled for authenticated users.
And this makes sense for production ready application.
But we haven't implemented user authentication yet.
So we have know of any kind of users.
So for the moment let's turn this to true so that everyone can read or write.
Of course not something you want for your real application which you ship.
At least that's the most likely use case that you don't want to give global.
Read or write access.
Make sure to publish your updated rules.
And with that we're already ready to go.
That's all.
We don't have to configure anything else.
We can get started and we can start sending HPB request to dis and point or some nested endpoints as
you going to see.
Now with that in the next lecture.
Let's dive right into that and let's start sending HTP requests to our Bacchante here.